# M2 Portfolio

## Areas of Emphasis

What did you set out to accomplish this module? Were you successful?
This module, I set out to try to learn as much as I could about web development. I think I was pretty successful figuring out the components of MVC and how they work together.

What did you struggle most with this module? What did you learn from that struggle?
I struggled most with building the muscle memory to set-up a project. I learned that typing things out really helps me remember things more.

## Blog

Link: https://medium.com/@jenn.p.lao/the-differences-between-joins-81a25c9e9260

Summary (1-3 sentences):  This blog explains the differences between all the different types of joins.  

## ActiveRecord Obstacle Course
Link: https://github.com/jplao/activerecord-obstacle-course

Was this helpful for practicing ActiveRecord?
It was very helpful, even though it was frustrating at times.

## Projects

What were your favorite projects this module? Least favorite? Why?
I liked all the projects this module.  My least and most favorite were both Little Shop for different reason.s  I liked that we were able to build a fully functioning e-commerce platform, but at the same time the amount of user stories and how some were written also made it the most frustrating project.

What did you learn from your independent projects?
I learned that I am more capable than I think I am.

What did you learn from your paired/group projects?
I learned that everyone struggles with different things, and that by working together we can really support each other and help each other grow.

## Community 

How did you contribute to the Turing community this module?
This module I offered my help to a few 1810 students. I also helpeed alot of my mod-mates in areas I felt strong in (like active-record).  I also offered to host all my mod-mates that don't have a place to go on Thanksgiving.

What would you like to do to contribute next module?
Next module I would like to join SAB if one of our reps does not want to be a rep anymore.

### Member of a Posse
I was not a part of a posse this module

What did you do with your posse over this module?

What is your favorite thing about the posse experience?

How has your posse expereince helped you grow as a professional?

## Self-Assessment Scores

Fill in how **you** would grade yourself from 1-4 in the following categories this module.

1. Below Standard
2. Approaching Standard
3. Meets Standard
4. Above Standard


| Category                     | Score |
| -----------------------------| ----- |
| **Individual Projects**      |   3   |
| **Group Projects**           |   3   |
| **Professional Development** |   3   |
| **Community**                |   3   |
| **Final Paired**             |   3   |
| **Final Verbal**             |   3   |
