# Asa Holt - M1 Portfolio

## Areas of Emphasis

What did you set out to accomplish this module? Were you successful?

   *This module I set out to accomplish a better understanding of my computer, as well as a firm grasp on the way that OOP is executed with ruby. I have achieved these main goals as well as many others that I was not aware of at the beginning of my adventure. This was especially true in areas that involved group efforts that I am not normally comfortable with to discovering what an alias is and how it can make terminal navigation more efficient. I also set out to define a deeper meaning of what social justice truly looks like to me in a day-to-day environment and I believe my time during Module One has only helped to solidify a foundation for this understanding.*

What did you struggle most with this module? What did you learn from that struggle?

  *This module threw a lot of intense struggles my way. The most prominent of them all was grasping the concept of OOP and how to encapsulate information without making the program too abstract for the user, or too far away from an OOP approach. TDD was a close second.*

## Projects

What were your favorite projects this module? Least favorite? Why?

  *My favorite projects this module were Battleship, and Enigma. Battleship was much more difficult in terms of creating an OOP approach and figuring out how to print everything properly, which made it a steep learning experience for me and my partner. Enigma was the last project of the Module and I liked it because by then I had a good method for testing and creating a semi-efficient design at least. My least favorite project was Black Thursday because it was so large and didn't full make sense to me or my group while we were designing it.*

What did you learn from your independent projects?

  *I learned a great deal from my independent projects especially Enigma because it was the last project and by then I had created efficient designing and testing patterns that moved my work along at a stedy pace. This also taught me a lot about proper work flow; something I didnt understand at the beginning of the Module*

What did you learn from your paired projects?

  *My paired projects taught me even more about my workflow and how to match that with other peoples work flows so that the project will run smoothly. These projects also taught me alot about myself and the way that I work with people, lending me perspective about what I may need to work on in future paired/group instances.*

## Community

How did you contribute to the Turing community this module?

  *I contributed to the Turing community this Module by attending Gear up sessions and learning the ways that social justice as well as a growth mindset can benefit us in the industry and then applying those values to my everyday actions. I also contributed to the Turing community on a personal level with 3D printer supplies, and joined the 3D printer posse(unofficial posse).*

What would you like to do to contribute next module?

  *Next module I would like to contribute by possibly starting a posse for certain extracurricular things that my classmates and I enjoy. Aside from social contributions, I would also like to contribute a growth mindset entering into the next module and hope to lead by example.*

## Self-Assessment Scores

Fill in how you would grade yourself from 1-4 in the following categories this module.

| Category                     | Score |
| -----------------------------| ----- |
| **Individual Projects**      |   3   |
| **Group Projects**           |  2.5  |
| **Professional Development** |   4   |
| **Community**                |   4   |
| **Pentathlon**               |   3   |
