**What was your biggest achievement of the module?**  
The biggest achievement for me this module was creating a Node.js based application.  This taught me the most valuable thing thing at Turing, that we now have the tools to teach ourselves.  It is pretty amazing to see how easy other programming languages are to learn after your first one.  Being able to understand the basics of OOP and relate them have a profound impact on our ability to learn and our confidence.  

**What provided you with the most struggle? What did you learn from that struggle?**  
The most struggle in Module 4 came from trying to balance due outs with the job search.  I found it extremely difficult to stay motivated throughout due to the timing of events and trying to stay on top of the game.  Although as Turing comes to an end, I am excited to commit fully to the job search.  

**What have you done this inning that sets you apart from your peers?**  
I am not sure if it is true, but I don’t know of anyone else in the class who has started a take home challenge from a company yet.  It isn’t as nerve-racking as I thought it would be, but definitely keeps you on your toes. I will enjoy getting this first challenge behind me so I can welcome the next.  

**How did your Mod 4 experience with this part of the stack (e.g. front-end technologies for BE students/back-end technologies for FE students) impact what you wanted to be doing after Turing? How did it reframe what you learned in previous modules?**
I learned that the front end can be *ALMOST* just as engaging as the back end for me.  I have a new found appreciation for what the front end students and front end engineers in general due on a daily basis.  I would say it still is not for me, I just like the back end portion of applications and relating everything to maximizing performance from a database.  

**What is the most important skill or lesson that you will take from Turing into your next job?**  
As I explained above, the most important lesson that I will take from Turing is that I can step into another language or framework and learn how to use it.  It was intimidating at first to write in JavaScript with Node.js, but eventually felt very natural.  Promises are still a pain but nothing that can’t be learned with more time.  I am excited for what my future job holds in regards to a tech stack.  

**What was your biggest takeaway from Gear Ups while at Turing? How has that impacted you and how will it impact you and your co-workers when you are on the job?**  
My biggest takeaway from Gear Ups at Turing is to just be a good human being.  Don’t jump to quick reactions, think about what you say, and do your best to be sincere and kind.  I will notice those around me more and how I impact them on a personal level.  The industry is still filled with negative role models and I understand it’s part of Turing’s mission to produce good people to replace them. 
