# Module 4 Portfolio Presentation
##  What was your biggest achievement of the module?
My biggest achievement of the module was working on our Capstone Project, Bloom Trek.  It was the first time working with the back end students, React Native, and working in a group of four people.  We were able to overcome multiple obstacles while communicating and pivoting to reach our MVP.

##  What provided you with the most struggle? What did you learn from that struggle?
I encountered my biggest struggle while working on our Capstone Project.  The combination of babel not working with Jest, Mapbox not working, and not being able to configure Enzyme caused us to eventually pivot.  We initialized a new front end repository using the expo library, which enabled us to use Jest, react-native-maps, and with a little research configure Enzyme.  I learned that no matter how much effort you put into solving a problem from one angle, sometimes you have to just start over and approach the problem from a different angle.  I also think by setting a timeline to struggle, having regular communication/checkins with team members, and fostering a collaborative environment in which all ideas are considered helped to reduce obstacles.

##  What have you done this inning that sets you apart from your peers?
I think one of the ways in which I differ from my peers is that my background as a business owner, photographer, and manager gives me a unique perspective on empathic design.  I truly believe that empathy for the user is the key to good design.  When creating solutions for users it took me a while to accept feedback and use it to make those solutions better, instead of taking feedback personally or negatively.  I think we as creators/makers/artists sometimes identify with which we create as a part of ourselves.  And, so naturally when someone doesn't like it or gives us feedback we take it negatively.  I've learned over time that when creating a solution for a user, the opportunity to receive feeback is an opportunity.  It's an opportunity to understand the user better and create a solution that more closely matches or exceeds their expectations. I want to use technology to better serve the needs of the user.

##  How did your Mod 4 experience with this part of the stack (e.g. front-end technologies for BE students/back-end technologies for FE students) impact what you wanted to be doing after Turing? How did it reframe what you learned in previous modules?
I enjoyed seeing and understanding how data is stored and delivered and how it integrates with the front end.  I believe that understanding this in more depth makes me a better developer and I plan to keep expanding my skills as a full stack developer. I think this improves my empathy when collaborating with other developers and improves my value as a team member.  It is also more evident now why writing clean code and having developer empathy is important to current team members and future deveopers as well.

##  What is the most important skill or lesson that you will take from Turing into your next job?
I think the ability to effectively collaborate and communicate with people from different backgrounds and skill levels is essential in any walk of life.  I think that it's even more essential when collaborating to solve difficult problems that require different approaches, new technologies with a constantly smaller timeline.  As technologies and programming languages constantly change, the processes and how we collaborate together mostly stay the same.  I plan to utilize these processes and my team to help me overcome obstacles regardless of the technologies/languages used.

[30 Day action Plan](https://gist.github.com/chrisboylen/0b7824809925a42b496527ebe5661bc0)
