students/1806-back/patrick-shobe/20181919-patrick-shobe-m2.md, before:

# (Patrick Shobe) - (M2) Portfolio

## Areas of Emphasis

Coming in to this module my goal was to gain understanding of MVC and HTTP.
I had tried to build a web app in the past and found it to be very frustrating
due to now understanding the underlying pieces. After this mod I can look
back and understand exactly why I was having the issues I was having.

## Rubric Scores

* **A: End-of-Module Assessment**: 4
* **B: Individual Work & Projects**: 4
* **C: Group Work & Projects**: 4
* **D: Professional Skills**: 4
* **E: Community Participation**: 5

-----------------------

## A: End of Module Assessment

Passed

## B: Individual Work & Projects

Over the course of this module I worked on 1 solo project called Adult-ish, which
set out to gamify life. It received first place in the Turing Code Fair.

#### (Adult-sh)

* [GitHub URL](https://github.com/patrickshobe/life)

Adult-ish awards users points for completing everyday activities like cleaning your fridge,
calling your mom, mowing your lawn. Users can compete with each other to finally settle
the argument of who is the most adult. Users could also see metrics related to their
adulting including breaking the number activities out by day, category, and activities over time.


## C: Group Work & Projects

### Projects

#### (Little Shop)

* [GitHub URL](https://github.com/patrickshobe/little-shop-redux)
* [Original Assignment](https://github.com/turingschool-projects/little-shop-redux)

Little Shop is an a Sinatra ecommerce analytics app that gave merchants easy access to inventory
and sale metrics.

The main feedback on this project was the lack of robust testing.

#### (Job Tracker)

* [GitHub URL](https://github.com/patrickshobe/job-tracker)
* [Original Assignment](https://github.com/turingschool-projects/job-tracker)

Job Tracker is a rails app used to track potential Jobs, company contacts and interactions.

#### (Bike Shop)

The premise of the project is to build a Bike Share website, that tracked the
analytics of a San Francisco bike-for-rent company as well as to serve as a shop
for bicycle-related accessories. The site needed to demonstrate full
functionality, allowing the user to log in, log out, choose and checkout
accessories, and to see relevant information pertaining to the trips,
conditions, and stations involved with the bikes.


* [GitHub URL](https://github.com/patrickshobe/Bike-Share)
* [Original Assignment](http://backend.turing.io/module2/projects/bike-share-redux)

## D: Community Participation

### Playing a Part

This module I volunteered as a TA for the Try Coding classes, was the Student Advisory Board rep for my cohort
and competed in the Turing Code Fair.

------------------

## E: End of Term Work
[Active Record Obstacle Course](https://github.com/patrickshobe/activerecord-obstacle-course)
[Blog Post](https://medium.com/@patrick_4766/how-to-rice-macos-38c8e659e8d4)
## Final Review

### Notes

( Leave blanks for reviewers )

### Outcome

( Leave blanks for reviewers )

Commit message:

Use the correct template this time

students/1806-back/patrick-shobe/20181919-patrick-shobe-m2.md, after:

# (Patrick Shobe) - (M2) Portfolio

## Areas of Emphasis

Coming in to this module my goal was to gain understanding of MVC and HTTP.
I had tried to build a web app in the past and found it to be very frustrating
due to now understanding the underlying pieces. After this mod I can look
back and understand exactly why I was having the issues I was having.

### What did you struggle most with this module? What did you learn from that struggle?

I struggled with active record, already knowing SQL made it feel convoleted.

## Rubric Scores

* **A: End-of-Module Assessment**: 4
* **B: Individual Work & Projects**: 4
* **C: Group Work & Projects**: 4
* **D: Professional Skills**: 4
* **E: Community Participation**: 5

-----------------------

## A: End of Module Assessment

Passed

## B: Individual Work & Projects

Over the course of this module I worked on 1 solo project called Adult-ish, which
set out to gamify life. It received first place in the Turing Code Fair.

#### (Adult-sh)

* [GitHub URL](https://github.com/patrickshobe/life)

Adult-ish awards users points for completing everyday activities like cleaning your fridge,
calling your mom, mowing your lawn. Users can compete with each other to finally settle
the argument of who is the most adult. Users could also see metrics related to their
adulting including breaking the number activities out by day, category, and activities over time.


## C: Group Work & Projects

### Projects

#### (Little Shop)

* [GitHub URL](https://github.com/patrickshobe/little-shop-redux)
* [Original Assignment](https://github.com/turingschool-projects/little-shop-redux)

Little Shop is an a Sinatra ecommerce analytics app that gave merchants easy access to inventory
and sale metrics.

The main feedback on this project was the lack of robust testing.

#### (Job Tracker)

* [GitHub URL](https://github.com/patrickshobe/job-tracker)
* [Original Assignment](https://github.com/turingschool-projects/job-tracker)

Job Tracker is a rails app used to track potential Jobs, company contacts and interactions.

#### (Bike Shop)

The premise of the project is to build a Bike Share website, that tracked the
analytics of a San Francisco bike-for-rent company as well as to serve as a shop
for bicycle-related accessories. The site needed to demonstrate full
functionality, allowing the user to log in, log out, choose and checkout
accessories, and to see relevant information pertaining to the trips,
conditions, and stations involved with the bikes.


* [GitHub URL](https://github.com/patrickshobe/Bike-Share)
* [Original Assignment](http://backend.turing.io/module2/projects/bike-share-redux)

## D: Community Participation

### Playing a Part

This module I volunteered as a TA for the Try Coding classes, was the Student Advisory Board rep for my cohort
and competed in the Turing Code Fair.

------------------

## E: End of Term Work
[Active Record Obstacle Course](https://github.com/patrickshobe/activerecord-obstacle-course)
I feel like this was very useful.
[Blog Post](https://medium.com/@patrick_4766/how-to-rice-macos-38c8e659e8d4)

## Projects

What were your favorite projects this module? Least favorite? Why?
Rails mini was my favorite, I got to work along and build whatever I wanted.

What did you learn from your independent projects?
I learned that building out a game is way more complex than I had originally thought.
A lot of effort has to go into the game logic.

What did you learn from your paired projects?

That I need to be better at taking my team mates perspectives into account and
that while I may understand something and be ready to move on they may not.


## Final Review

### Notes

( Leave blanks for reviewers )

### Outcome

( Leave blanks for reviewers )
