### What was your biggest achievement of the module?

Signing a job offer at Devetry here in Denver. I was very fortunate to get this offer early in Mod 4, and it allowed me to focus on learning new concepts as well as pairing with some students in earlier mods. I think my curiousity to learn new topics outside of the curriculum, and networking early in the program helped me in getting this offer.

### What provided you with the most struggle? What did you learn from that struggle?

In my capstone project, I really wanted to explore the field of computer vision. I ended up learning the basics of how to use OpenCV (in Python); however, it was pretty challenging to be able to detect sub-images and crop those out of a larger image. It was challenging due to non-closed contours and noise that would be detected by OpenCV's edge detection algorithms. Through this struggle it did help to build my confidence in approaching new problems. It also helped to solidify my learning process with new technologies. 

### What have you done this inning that sets you apart from your peers?

My exploration with OpenCV, Python and Flask. I have continued to chip away at a couple Udemy courses on TensorFlow and OpenCV. 

### How did your Mod 4 experience with this part of the stack (e.g. front-end technologies for BE students/back-end technologies for FE students) impact what you wanted to be doing after Turing? How did it reframe what you learned in previous modules?

Learning the basics of React Native made me appreciate how much one can do with front-end technologies. My company expects that most developers are full-stack, so it has given me more confidence that I can learn how to use a front-end library and integrate it with a back-end server. I still find back-end material more interesting, but do enjoy the front-end side of things. It was an awesome feeling to make a solid Rails server and connect it to the client codebase.

### What is the most important skill or lesson that you will take from Turing into your next job?

Confidence in tackling new technologies and challenges. I feel that I have a solid learning process and support from mentors/co-workers if I have questions. I also feel much more resourceful now, and am able to research more effectively than before. 

