# What was your biggest achievement of the module?

My whole life, I've had multiple frustrations finding and committing to an idea. When I discovered coding through a friend and made the decision to enroll to Turing, I decided it was the perfect opportunity to confront my life-long struggle with commitment. I was determined to complete all 7 months without repeating/quitting. Now that I am nearing the end of the Front-end program, I look back at the lows and the highs and the defining moments when I rejected the broken record in my head telling me to quit.

# What provided you with the most struggle?

Public Speaking and articulating my thoughts has always been my defining weakness. The lightning talks and popsicle sticks definitely exposed that weakness of mine.

## What did you learn from that struggle?

Before, whenever I did have to speak publicly, I always made excuses for my lackluster performance. At about mod2/3, I had a moment realization that lit a fire under me to really hone down and resolve this weakness. Since then, I've forced myself into uncomfortable situations to slowly but surely build my confidence in speaking publicly.

# What have you done this inning that sets you apart from your peers?

I pushed the boundaries of my knowledge for all the projects I participated in. Just looking at the projects themselves, to me, reflect the efforts and extensive body of work I spent this mod.

# How did your Mod 4 experience with this part of the stack (e.g. front-end technologies for BE students/back-end technologies for FE students) impact what you wanted to be doing after Turing?

My Goal before Turing was to be a full-stack developer. More than ever, I feel confident that i can achieve that goal after having completed the front-end program and getting a taste of back-end technologies in Mod 4.

## How did it reframe what you learned in previous modules?

Learning how the server-side interacts with the front-end really opened my eyes to the importance of wire framing, implementing a structured plan of attack when writing front-end code, and being meticulous and detailed with commits in order to track down potential errors.

# What is the most important skill or lesson that you will take from Turing into your next job?

Learning to work with people below and above my skill level. Adapting to a team members work style to produce the best possible product.

# 30 day action plan

## calendar

https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=pykim0591%40gmail.com&ctz=America%2FLos_Angeles

## cut-off date for having a full-time position

January 10th 2019

## List monthly, weekly, and daily goals

## Daily practice repo

https://github.com/sojurner/Inter-vue
https://github.com/sojurner/PHP-Playground

## 3 people you will reach out to.

Ian Douglas, Brittany Storoz,

## Describe to instructor(s) why you'll reach out, when you'll email them by, what you hope to talk about, and what follow-up will look like

I will reach out for continued job search advice, I will ask questions about what I can try to improve my search and I will follow up with them weekly.

## List 3 meetups you'll attend and describe to instructor(s) why you'll attend them

Denver startup week, Denver React. I will attend these meetups to gain more exposure in the local tech scene and meet other programmers that can get my application directly to hiring managers.

## List the job search tracking system you're using and describe to instructor(s) why you're using it/how it will help you

I am using JobTrack. However, I am not utilizing all the resources and tools it provides. I look to be more comfortable with using it in order to optimize my job search

## List 2-3 areas you'd like to continue to improve on for interviewing and outline concrete action steps on how you will improve those skills to describe to instructor(s)

I will focus majority of my time on code challenges. I have subscribed to Cake interview, which extensively covers programming interview questions. I look to spend a couple hours a day learning and solving provided technical code challenges. In addition, learning a back-end language is my next priority as a developer. Now that Java 11 has been released, I look to spend a couple hours learning Java.

## Summary of how you've updated your LinkedIn profile

I have updated my Profile picture, changed my resume, added latest project to my list of accomplishments, and added my work history.

## List additional area you'll focus on in your job search and describe why to instructor(s)

I will communicate consistently with my VA Counselor and look for oppurtunites to meet with developers and make a connection.

## List 1-2 people you'll check in with during job search

Ian Douglas, Brittany Storoz

## List 1-2 "barriers" and describe how you will overcome them to your instructor(s)

The biggest barrier I forsee is my lack of making a good first impression. I know this is the key to getting an interview and ultimately gettting a job. I will continue to put myself in these uncomfortable situations and being aware of areas that i can fix when I present myself.
